Add changelog for v1.9.6 (#5143)
spiffe/spire: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [1.9.6] - 2024-05-14

### Added

> - Support for CGroups v2 in K8s and Docker workload attestors (#5076)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Opt-in support for CGroups v2 in K8s and Docker workload attestors (#5076)
```

- `gcp_cloudstorage` BundlePublisher plugin (#4961)
- Allow to verify if the account ID is part of an AWS Organization in `aws_iid` node attestor (#4838)

> - Add more filtering options to entries and agents endpoints (#4714)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- More filtering options to count and show entries and agents (#4714)
```

### Changed

> - Credential composer to parse timestamps claims to integer (#5115)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Credential composer to not convert timestamp related claims (i.e., exp and iat) to floating point values (#5115)
```

> - FetchJWTBundles no longer return nil keys in favor of empty (#5031)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- FetchJWTBundles now returns an empty collection of keys instead of null (#5031)
```

### Fixed

> - Prevent to use expired tokens when connecting to database (#5119)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using expired tokens when connecting to database (#5119)
```

> - Server no longer try to create JWT authority when X.509 authority fails (#5064)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Server no longer tries to create JWT authority when X.509 authority fails (#5064)
```
